Adds SpanHandler (#1148)
openzipkin/brave: brave/RATIONALE.md

# brave rationale

> ## SpanListener

Author: ignore drift here for now as I need to rewrite it anyway but don't want to rewrite it two or three times

# brave rationale

## SpanListener

> There are a few reasons why `SpanListener` exists.
> 
> For example, we need to manipulate Baggage without overriding `PropagationFactory`. For example,
> some baggage are derived (parsed from other headers). Given a create hook, one can post process
> baggage before the span is visible to the user.
> 
> Another example is parent-child relationships. With a create hook someone can do things like count
> children (needed by [stackdriver model](https://cloud.google.com/trace/docs/reference/v2/rpc/google.devtools.cloudtrace.v2#google.devtools.cloudtrace.v2.Span)).
> 
> Finally, some services require the entire "local root" to be reported at the same time. The only
> known example of this is [DataDog](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-java/blob/406b324a82b482d7d8ad3faa5f9ccdd307c72308/dd-trace-ot/src/main/java/datadog/trace/common/writer/Writer.java#L20).
> A create hook can be used track a local root, allowing buffering of all descendants.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
There are a few reasons why `SpanListener` exists. For example:

* We need to manipulate Baggage without overriding `PropagationFactory`, e.g. when
some baggage are derived (parsed from other headers): Given a create hook, one can post process
baggage before the span is visible to the user.
* Another example is parent-child relationships: With a create hook someone can do things like count
children (needed by [stackdriver model](https://cloud.google.com/trace/docs/reference/v2/rpc/google.devtools.cloudtrace.v2#google.devtools.cloudtrace.v2.Span)).
* Some services require the entire "local root" to be reported at the same time. The only
known example of this is [DataDog](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-java/blob/406b324a82b482d7d8ad3faa5f9ccdd307c72308/dd-trace-ot/src/main/java/datadog/trace/common/writer/Writer.java#L20): A create hook can be used track a local root, allowing buffering of all descendants.
```
